Added iteration for IOC arguments in autofocus-search-sessions (#17704)
demisto/content: Packs/AutoFocus/ReleaseNotes/2_0_11.md

#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks AutoFocus v2

> - Added an iteration in batches for the IOC arguments in the ***autofocus-search-sessions*** and ***autofocus-search-samples*** commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***autofocus-search-sessions*** and ***autofocus-search-samples*** commands could not accept more than 100 IOC arguments on a single run.
```

Author: done
